Game Rules:
1. Each country, except those at the edge of the world,
has 4 neighbors at the north, south, west, east side. 
Countries are connected to their neighboring countries.
Player can travel from a country to a neighboring country.
A direct travel from a country to another is otherwise not
possible.

2. At the beginning, there are people in the world. As 
an initial condition, X% of them are infected with the
virus (but they are not sick yet). Initially people are
assigned to countries uniformly at random.

3. After 6 days of becoming infected, a person becomes
sick and is therefore visibly infectious.

4. After 14 days of becoming infected, a person dies
with a probability of 25%. Dead people do not move, 
but stay visibly infectious.

5. After 16 days of becoming infected, a person becomes
immune and is no longer visibly infectious, but remains
infectious.

6. After 18 days of becoming infected, a person turns 
healthy. He is now in the same state as he was before his
infection, which means that he can get infected again.

7. Each step of the game corresponds to one game day.

8. At the beginning of the game, each person decides when
to move within the next 5 days. More precisely, she picks 
the moving day uniformly at random among the next 5 days. 
After moving, she repeats the same process. For example,
if on day 0 the person decides to move after 3 days, she 
will move from her current country on day 3. After that 
move, she will make another decision: forexample, she may
decide to move after 5 days this time, so her next move will 
be on day 8, etc.

9. On the day of each move, a person will pick one of the
countries available to her with equal probability and will 
move to it. The set of available countries is defined as the
neighboring countries that contain no visibly infectious 
people. A person avoids countries with sick or dead (visibly
infectious) people. This means that if a person is surrounded
by visibly infectious people, she does not change position;
however, she might change position the next time she tries 
to move (for example, if a visibly infectious person moved
out of one of the neighboring countries or became immune).

10. When a person moves into a country with an infectious 
person she might get infected according to the transmissibility
rate of 40%, unless the person is already infected or immune. 
A person cannot get infected between moves.